Add generic Trial Plan (#141)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-01-service-description.md

|-----------|-------------|
| `azure` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the Azure cluster. |
| `azure_lite` | Installs Kyma Lite on the Azure cluster. |
| `gcp` | Installs Kyma Runtime on the GCP cluster. |

> | `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on chosen infrastructure. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on the chosen infrastructure. |
```

> | `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on the chosen infrastructure. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on Azure or GCP. |
```

> | `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on the chosen infrastructure. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `trial` | Installs Kyma Trial on Azure or GCP. |
```

| **autoScalerMax** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `4` |
| **maxSurge** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines that are created during an update. | No | `4` |
| **maxUnavailable** | int | Specifies the maximum number of VMs that can be unavailable during an update. | No | `1` |
 
 </details>
 </div>

     

> ## Trial Plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Trial plan
```

> Trial Plan allows the user to choose the provider where they want to install Kyma. Trial features are that Kyma will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trial plan allows you to install Kyma on the infrastructure provided by any provider you choose. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:
- Kyma is uninstalled after 30 days and the Kyma cluster is deprovisioned after this time.
- It's possible to provision only one Kyma Runtime per global account.
```

> Trial plan allows you to install Kyma on the infrastructure provided by any provider you choose. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trial plan allows you to install Kyma either on Azure or GCP. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:
```

> uninstalled, and the cluster will be deprovisioned after 30 days. Apart from that it's possible to provision only one Kyma

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> per Global Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> These are the provisioning parameters for Trial Plan that you can configure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the provisioning parameters for the Trial plan that you can configure:
```

  
<div tabs name="trial-plan" group="trial-plan">
  <details>
  <summary label="trial-plan">

>   Trial Plan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Trial plan
```

  </summary>
    

> | Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Possible values| Default value |  

Reviewer: Could you please correct this in all tables? 🥺 🙏

> | Parameter Name | Type | Description | Required | Possible values| Default value |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parameter name | Type | Description | Required | Possible values| Default value |  
```

| ---------------|-------|-------------|----------|---------------|---------------|  

> | **name** | string | Specifies the name of the runtime. | Yes | Any string| None |  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **name** | string | Specifies the name of the Kyma Runtime. | Yes | Any string| None |  
```

| **region** | int | Specifies the size of the root volume. | No | `europe`,`us` | `30` |

> | **provider** | string | Defines the cluster region. | No | `Azure`, `GCP` | `europe-west4` |

Reviewer 2: adjust description, and I think you missed some columns, grid is not rendering correctly

> | **provider** | string | Specifies the cloud provider used while provisioning. | No | `Azure`, `GCP` | `Azure` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **provider** | string | Specifies the cloud provider used during provisioning. | No | `Azure`, `GCP` | `Azure` |
```

| **autoScalerMax** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `4` |
| **maxSurge** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines that are created during an update. | No | `4` |
| **maxUnavailable** | int | Specifies the maximum number of VMs that can be unavailable during an update. | No | `1` |
 
 </details>
 </div>

     
## Trial plan

Trial plan allows you to install Kyma either on Azure or GCP. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:
- Kyma is uninstalled after 30 days and the Kyma cluster is deprovisioned after this time.
- It's possible to provision only one Kyma Runtime per global account.

> To reduce the cost, the Trial plan skips some of the [provisioning steps](./03-03-runtime-provisioning-and-deprovisioning.md#provisioning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the costs, the Trial plan skips some of the [provisioning steps](./03-03-runtime-provisioning-and-deprovisioning.md#provisioning)
```

These are the steps that are skipped during the Trial plan provisioning:
- `Create_LMS_Tenant`
- `Provision_Azure_Event_Hubs`
- `Request_LMS_Certificates`

> - `AVS External Evaluation` (part of the post actions during `Initialisation` step)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `AVS External Evaluation` (part of the post actions during the `Initialisation` step)
```

> These are the provisioning parameters for the Trial plan that you can configure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provisioning parameters

These are the provisioning parameters for the Trial plan that you can configure:
```

Reviewer: What do you think of adding such a heading here? 🤔

| **autoScalerMax** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines to create. | No | `4` |
| **maxSurge** | int | Specifies the maximum number of virtual machines that are created during an update. | No | `4` |
| **maxUnavailable** | int | Specifies the maximum number of VMs that can be unavailable during an update. | No | `1` |
 
 </details>
 </div>

     
## Trial plan

> Trial plan allows you to install Kyma on the infrastructure provided by any provider you choose. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trial plan allows you to install Kyma either on Azure or GCP. The Trial plan assumptions are as follows:
```

- Kyma is uninstalled after 30 days and the Kyma cluster is deprovisioned after this time.
- It's possible to provision only one Kyma Runtime per global account.

> To reduce the cost the Trial plan skips some of the [provisioning](./03-03-runtime-provisioning-and-deprovisioning.md#provisioning)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the cost, the Trial plan skips some of the [provisioning steps](./03-03-runtime-provisioning-and-deprovisioning.md#provisioning)
```

> steps.The skipped steps are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the steps that are skipped during the Trial plan provisioning:
```

- `Create_LMS_Tenant`
- `Provision_Azure_Event_Hubs`
- `Request_LMS_Certificates`

> Apart from these steps it also doesn't create the AVS External Evaluation

Reviewer: Can't we include it in the list of steps?
